Carolina.
Defended.
The plaintiff hereby declares that you have sold many company secrets to plead guilty.
I do not plead guilty.
Your honor, I did not do it.
Do you have evidence to prove this?
I was involved with the companies that are mentioned in the case, but I have not entered
internally any of the client offices.
How could I have linked the secrets?
When cooperating with EM, you were placed in the internal offices.
Not long after, core research from EM's artificial intelligence project was leaked.
As a former director of EM and as Victor's current employee, I have reason to suspect
that you are the one who leaked the secrets.
But I don't have the key to EM's database.
You do.
Plus, I have video evidence showing you entering the database, so...
Wait, given this evidence is conclusive, I am now...
Wait, we have another witness who can prove that Caroline did not release trade secrets.